edit(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/editText1')@Type Something Here
menu@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/icon')@
menu@
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@No
back@
keyevent_back@
click(content-desc='More options')@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/icon')@
clickLong(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/menu_document_search')@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/action_edit')@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/icon')@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/menu_document_search')@
menu@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/icon')@
click(content-desc='Collapse')@
menu@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='5')@Exit
keyevent_back@
clickLong(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/action_edit')@
clickLong(content-desc='More options')@
menu@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='2')@Save
keyevent_back@
menu@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/icon')@
click(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/menu_document_search')@
edit(resource-id='com.maxistar.textpad:id/editText1')@Type Something Here
click(content-desc='More options')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='7')@Exit
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@Yes
keyevent_back@
menu@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='0')@New
click(content-desc='More options')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='3')@Save As
keyevent_back@
menu@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='4')@Settings
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='5')@Encoding
back@
scroll(direction='down')@
scroll(direction='up')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='6')@Click to change encoding
scroll(direction='up')@
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Cancel
click(resource-id='android:id/checkbox')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='1')@Open Last
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='10')@Language
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Cancel
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='7')@Line Delimiters
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Cancel
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='12')@Font
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Monospace
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Sans Serif
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(resource-id='android:id/checkbox')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='4')@Use legacy file picker
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='19')@Choose a background color
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='16')@Font Color
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='15')@Choose a font size
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='1')@Serif
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Extra Small
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='4')@Huge
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='3')@Large
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Medium
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Cancel
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='14')@Font Size
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='18')@Background Color
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Cancel
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='9')@Appearance
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='11')@сlick to change language of interface
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='1')@English
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='17')@Choose a font color
back@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='8')@Line endings
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@default
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='2')@To open last edited file
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='0')@Main Settings
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='3')@Legacy file picker
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='20')@About
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='13')@Choose a font type
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Sans Serif
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='1')@Serif
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Monospace
back@
scroll(direction='down')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='14')@Choose a background color
back@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='0')@Encoding
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@UTF-8
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='5')@Language
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='3')@Portuguese
scroll(direction='down')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='19')@Just a little FYI
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Continuar
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='10')@Alterar tamanho da fonte
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Cancelar
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='1')@Toque para alterar a codificação
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='5')@windows-1254
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='6')@Toque para alterar o idioma do aplicativo
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@System
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='5')@Encoding
scroll(direction='down')@
scroll(direction='up')@
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='6')@cp851
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='6')@Click to change encoding
scroll(direction='down')@
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@x-mac-greek
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='6')@Click to change encoding
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='9')@x-UTF32_OppositeEndian
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='5')@Encoding
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='7')@x-UTF16_OppositeEndian
scroll(direction='down')@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='10')@Choose a font size
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='4')@Huge
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Extra Small
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Medium
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='3')@Large
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='1')@Serif
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='3')@Large
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Medium
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Extra Small
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='4')@Huge
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='3')@Large
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Extra Small
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='4')@Huge
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Medium
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='1')@Serif
back@
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='1')@Click to change encoding
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='10')@x-UTF32_PlatformEndian
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='8')@Choose a font type
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Monospace
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Sans Serif
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Monospace
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Sans Serif
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@Monospace
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Sans Serif
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='3')@Line endings
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='9')@Font Size
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='6')@Click to change encoding
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='5')@x-UnicodeBig
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='5')@Encoding
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='1')@x-mac-cyrillic
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='11')@сlick to change language of interface
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='8')@Türk
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='9')@Görünüm
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='15')@Yazı boyutunu seçin
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@Tamam
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='18')@Arka plan Rengi
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@İptal
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='1')@Son Dosyayı Aç
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='14')@Yazı Boyutu
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@Tamam
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='16')@Yazı Rengi
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@İptal
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='17')@Yazı rengini seçin
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@Tamam
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='12')@Yazı
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@İptal
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='20')@Hakkında
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='11')@Arayüz dilini değiştirmek için tıklayın
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='6')@Espanol
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='10')@Idioma
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='7')@Italiano
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='9')@Aspetto
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='15')@Scegli una dimensione del carattere
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Annulla
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='8')@Fine linea
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='19')@Scegli un colore di sfondo
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Annulla
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='14')@Dimensione del font
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Annulla
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='18')@Colore di sfondo
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Annulla
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='13')@Scegli un tipo di carattere
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Annulla
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='1')@Apri per ultimo
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='3')@Selettore di file legacy
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='0')@Impostazioni principali
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='16')@Colore del carattere
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='4')@Usa il selettore di file legacy
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='7')@Delimitatori di linea
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='17')@Scegli un colore del carattere
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@OK
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='6')@Fai clic per modificare la codifica
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='0')@x-mac-centraleurroman
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='2')@Русский
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='10')@Язык
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='5')@العربية
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='2')@لفتح آخر ملف تم تحريره
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='5')@الترميز
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='4')@x-MS950-HKSCS
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='3')@محدد الملفات القديم
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='6')@أنقر لتغيير الترميز
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@إلغاء
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='18')@لون الخلفية
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@إلغاء
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='9')@المظهر
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='13')@إختار نوع الخط
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='1')@حسنا
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='10')@اللغة
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='4')@Deutsch
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='15')@Wählen Sie eine Schriftgröße
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Stornieren
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='1')@Letzte öffnen
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='12')@Schriftart
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Stornieren
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='11')@Klicken Sie auf, um die Sprache der Benutzeroberfläche zu ändern
click(className='android.widget.CheckedTextView',instance='6')@Espanol
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='9')@Apariencia
click(className='android.widget.TextView',instance='7')@Delimitadores de línea
click(className='android.widget.Button',instance='0')@Cancelar
